Adding a blog post for simpler kafka development (#5376)
knative/docs: blog/docs/articles/single-node-kafka-development.md

# Using Apache Kafka for Local Knative Development

**Author: Matthias Weßendorf, Principal Software Engineer @ Red Hat**

**Date: 2023-01-11**

> _In this blog post you will learn howto use a production-like environment for your local development with Knative Broker and Apache Kafka._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_In this blog post you will learn how to use a production-like environment for your local development with Knative Broker and Apache Kafka._
```
